Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped
here. Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m going to explain a
2021 Korean Sci-Fi-Drama movie called Seobok.
This movie tells the story of an ex-agent
of the intelligence agency and an immortal
superhuman who is a specimen of a secret
experiment. They are involved in dangerous
situations due to several forces who want
to take possession of the experiment result.
The story starts with Min Ki hun, who is
an ex-agent of the intelligence agency,
having trouble sleeping for the past 2 days.
He goes to his friend in a hospital to ask
for some drugs to help him sleep. After he
gets it, he goes to a nearby lake to use the
drugs and sleeps in his car. While asleep,
he is dreaming that he drowns in the lake.
It looks like he has a traumatic event in the
past that he can’t forget. Suddenly, a man in a
suit wakes him up and forces him to follow him. It
turns out that his ex-superior, Chief Ahn Ik-Hyun,
is the one who summoned him. He asks Min
to do a secret mission. For some reason,
he agrees to do it despite his reluctance.
Min then goes to a large ship with a secret
high-tech laboratory inside. He meets Dr. Shin,
who is one of the researchers in that laboratory.
Dr. Shin explains to Min that they are conducting
the first genetically engineered clone on humans,
which is led by Dr. Lim. They successfully
clone a human with a different genetic sequence.
That specimen is immortal and his bone marrow
can cure any disease known to humankind.
Moreover, he has a strong brainwave that
makes him able to control things around him.
They call him Seobok. When Seobok
is demonstrating his power,
Min suddenly collapses. After he awakes, Dr.
Shin knows that Min has a deadly brain tumor.
He offers him to be a test subject for the Seobok
bone marrow experiment which he gladly accepts.
After that, he goes to meet Chief Ahn. He
explains all about the experiment to Min.
He tells him that recently one of the
researchers was killed by an unknown group.
It looks like there is someone who is trying
to steal the experiment result. So they are
planning to move Seobok to a secure bunker. Min’s
mission is to escort Seobok during the transfer.
On the next day, he goes back to the
lab to get Seobok for the transfer.
He sees Seobok endures pain when the researcher
injects something into him. Dr. Lim tells him that
Seobok needs an inhibitor injection every day to
stay alive because his cell division is too rapid.
He is invisible to any kind of disease but still
can die if he is killed or gets into an accident.
During the transfer, a group of men
with heavy weapons attack the convoy.
Min’s team fails to defend the attack, making
them successfully kidnap Seobok and Min. At their
hideout, one of the attackers tries to inject
something into Seobok. This makes Seobok angry
and knocks him down with his power. Min and
Seobok then successfully run away in a truck.
Min immediately calls Chief Ahn for backup,
he tells him to go to a nearby safe house.
Unfortunately, the truck breaks down mid-way
which makes them have to walk to the safehouse.
Seobok asks Min a bunch of questions about the
situation. He doesn’t understand why people hunt
him down. But it turns out that Seobok already
knew that he is an immortal specimen. They walk
through a night market, which is the first time
for Seobok to see normal life outside the lab.
At the safehouse, Seobok becomes addicted
to instant noodles. While eating, he tells
Min that Dr. Lim is actually his mother.
Finally, backup has come. But unexpectedly,
they try to kill Seobok. Chief Ahn has instructed
them to take out Seobok. Min tries to protect
Seobok. When they shoot him, Seobok deflects
the bullets with his power and knocks them down.
Chief Ahn orders Min to kill Seobok immediately
for the safety of the nation, but he declines.
They can’t trust the intelligence agency
anymore, so Min brings Seobok to the laboratory.
On the way to the lab, Seobok vomits blood.
It happens because he hasn’t got his daily
dose of inhibitor injection. They stop at a gas
station. Min leaves Seobok alone to call the lab
to tell them about Seobok's condition. When he is
alone, he goes to a minimarket and has a quarrel
with some teenager there. He beats them with
his power and destroys the whole minimarket.
Because of this, the intelligence
agency now knows about their location.
They quickly resume their journey, but when Seobok
knows that they are heading to the lab, he opposes
the idea. He hates the lab and doesn’t want to
go back there. In the heat of the argument, Min
suddenly collapses again. When he awakes, Seobok
is still there. They sit on the beach together
under the night sky. Seobok tells Min about his
daily life in the lab with his mom and the fact
that he never sleeps in his life. They then
discuss more about the mortality of humankind.
Min tells Seobok the story of when he betrayed
his partner under the order of chief Ahn,
which is the biggest regret in his life.
Seobok asks Min to take him to a nearby church.
It turns out that it is a memorial place for Han
Kyung-Yoon, the real son of Dr. Lim. He died in an
accident and she cloned him, which is how Seobok
was born. He then decides to go back to the lab,
the place where he belongs. On the way there
he vomits more blood and becomes weaker.
Seeing this, Min accelerates the car but it makes
the police and the intelligence agency know his
position and chase him. In front of the Laboratory
ship, the intelligence has set up a barricade,
making him unable to enter the ship.
Suddenly, an airstrike blows up the barricade,
and an unknown group of mercenaries comes. It’s
the same group who attacked the transfer convoy.
It turns out that they are hired by Chairman
Kim, the funder of the secret experiment.
He already knew that the intelligence agency had
made an agreement with the US to kill Seobok,
so he hired a mercenary group to stop them.
The mercenary tases Min, making him unconscious,
then brings them inside the lab. Chief Ahn asks
Chairman Kim to stop playing God and hand over
Seobok to them, but he refuses. When Min wakes
up, he sees Seobok attached to a bone marrow
extraction machine. Dr. Shin explains to him
that Seobok will be attached to that machine
forever. Min feels that it is morally wrong,
so he forces Dr. Shin to stop the procedure.
He grabs a gun from one of the guards and takes
Dr. Shin as a hostage. He looks for Dr. Lim, but
to his surprise, Dr. Lim is already dead. Earlier,
she tried to kill Chairman Kim but one of the
guards shot her dead. Min is heavily outnumbered,
which makes the guards successfully take him down.
Suddenly Seobok rises from the machine
and sees his mother's dead body,
which makes him furious. Dr. Shin tries to
inject a sedative into Seobok, but Seobok
realizes it and uses his power to repeatedly
slam him to the ground. The guards shoot him
but his power deflects all the bullets. He easily
defeats all the guards and goes to Chairman Kim,
the one who is responsible for the experiment. He
crushes him with his power, killing him instantly.
He then goes outside, where the intelligence
agency troops are already waiting for him. He uses
his brainwave power so hard until he vomits blood.
Seeing this, Min tries to help him. Seobok then
rises once again and uses all of his remaining
power to create a huge crater on the ground,
trapping all the troops inside. An oil pipe is
leaking towards the crater. He asks Min to end
his life or he will burn all the troops alive. He
doesn’t have any more reason to live and wants to
end all of his suffering. At first, Min hesitates,
but he finally agrees and shoots Seobok as he
requested, ending his eternal life. In the end,
the experiment couldn’t contribute to anything. It
only brings pain and suffering. Min contemplates
for the last time at the beach where he and Seobok
once sat together, then he walks away in silence.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.